We lost the virus.
It's in Emily.
It's in her blood.
We have to find Bill Ward and stop him
releasing the virus
or we'll all be dead.
(SPEAKING FRENCH) I found him.
He's a professor of Neurogenetics
at the University of London.
Have you thought about what
we're going to do if we can't find him?
We have to.
(GRUNTS IN FRUSTRATION)
You think he killed himself?
DYLAN: (IN ENGLISH) They say
your whole life flashes before you
just before you die.
What happened to you? Ash is dead.
Yeah. Sacha.
(GRUNTS)
He tried to kill me. He killed Ash.
Listen. You've got to get her
to my old lab
so that I can extract the virus.
So it's now...
15 days since the attack.
Erm, and we, we heard some sounds
in the building, yesterday.
You know, so,
maybe there're people out there.
We were too scared to go out and look.
We're, erm, sleeping a lot.
We're exhausted.
I'm worried about Lilly.
She's really down.
And I do my best to cheer her up, but...
I think I'm just starting
to annoy her, really,
and...
Well, er, that's it for now.
-Lilly?
-Hmm.
Lilly?
LILLY: Hmm...
What time is it?
Just after 1:00.
Have you heard anything?
No.
Erm, I've got something for you.
You said you wanted some fruit.
-(CHUCKLES)
-I was saving them.
Thank you.
(CHUCKLING)
-Good?
-Mmm-hmm.
I'm sorry I was so down yesterday.
I'm just...
I'm finding this really hard.
You never have to apologise.
How are you always so cheerful?
Of all the people
I could be stuck in here with,
I got you.
I lucked out.
(SLOW SONG PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I love you.
(MUSIC STOPS)
(CLICKS TONGUE, SIGHS)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
LILLY:
The operating system's been wiped.
(SIGHS)
Who's Josh?
DYLAN: Day 22: I haven't recorded
one of these for a while.
Er...
the days feel longer.
It's a lot harder on your own.
Yeah, I miss Lilly.
I miss her so much...
So much.
(CRYING)
I can't stop thinking
about what I did...
(SNIFFLES)
Get some rest.
We're nearly out of insulin.
How much have we got?
-We'll run out tomorrow.
-All right, I'll get some.
I couldn't even get you
to clean your shoes.
Not having clean shoes
wasn't going to get me killed.
We shouldn't be doing this.
We should be...
surfing or...
Neither of us knows how to surf.
Skiing then,
sailing, something, I don't know.
Father and son stuff. I could be,
could be having a little beer outside.
You could be telling me
about your girlfriends.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Well, maybe not your girlfriends,
but you know what I mean.
Yeah.
How you've handled yourself,
being there
for your mum and your sister...
I'm so proud of you.
I know.
You look beautiful.
(SCOFFS)
Yeah, right. I look ill.
You're always beautiful to me.
The things we see.
Have you seen other stuff?
Have you?
I saw a lake.
I think it was on their planet.
There were all these...
dead bodies floating on it.
They were dying?
I think that's why
they've come to Earth.
They wanted to cure themselves.
(SIGHS)
I wish we could...
go somewhere else,
forget all this stuff, together,
just the two of us.
What about your mum?
I only want to be with you now.
You don't feel the same way?
I don't know what to feel.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
How's it going?
I'm pretty sure this constant measures
the gravitational force
on the subatomic scale.
I think they understand quantum gravity.
Who doesn't?
It's only a small step from there
to manipulating...
spacetime on the quantum level.
I think they see matter
as a series of interacting waves.
These equations predict the energy
and direction of the forces
their interaction produces.
There are videos
on the dead guy's phone.
He was keeping a diary.
He had his girlfriend here with him.
Something happened to her.
She left, or she was killed.
Maybe that's why he killed himself?
Mmm-hmm.
(MACHINERY WHIRRING SOFTLY)
The haematoma's getting smaller.
It should be a lot less painful.
You've children?
The scar, it's from a Caesarean section.
All my children were stillborn.
-How many?
-Three.
It's common for my people.
Why?
We do not know.
I, erm, I have to leave soon.
Do you think you're strong enough
to make it back to your people?
Got this room.
(MUMBLES INDISTINCTLY)
I found some.
Put the rifle on the floor.
(PANTING)
(SOBBING SOFTLY)
ELISHA: You know Bill Ward?
Where is he?
Er...
We don't know,
we don't know where he is...
Where is he?
We were with him.
We thought you'd taken him.
But, we don't know where he is.
Please, I swear to God.
He's your son?
Don't hurt him.
If you don't tell me where Bill Ward is
I'm gonna shoot him in the head.
Dad!
Please. I don't know.
I don't know where he is.
I swear, I don't know,
I don't know where he is...
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
I'll take you to him.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
AARON: How much further is it?
Not far.
It's that brown building up there.
How many of you are in there?
Er, eight.
We need more of our people.
On your knees.
Do you have a family?
Yeah,
I did.
(BREATHES IN DEEPLY) I had a wife,
and a son.
They died in the attack?
After.
ZOE: (OVER RADIO)
Bill? Bill, are you there?
(RADIO BEEPS)
Is that you, Zoe?
ZOE: You at the lab yet?
BILL: Not yet.
Did you tell the others that
it was Sacha who killed Ash?
ZOE: No.
If they know that I'm talking to you,
it'll be harder for me to take her.
Go to the lab. I'll get Emily to you
as soon as I can.
Okay.
I've got to go somewhere.
(SHUSHES)
I heard something.
(GROANS)
(THUDDING)
(GUNSHOT)
(BOTH STRUGGLING)
(SCREAMS)
(BOTH GROANING)
ISLA: Don't!
You're going to a laboratory
so you can release the virus.
I heard you talking about it.
I saved your life.
If it wasn't for me, you'd be dead!
So I should let you kill
all of my people?
You slaughtered billions.
You killed my wife and my son!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
They should be back by now.
You mind if I wait with you?
I understand if you don't want me to.
It's fine.
Thank you.
Jonathan always hated me smoking.
Disgusting habit.
ELISHA: What's he like?
Who?
Bill Ward.
He's sad.
(CLATTERING)
(DOG BARKS)
(GUNSHOT)
(ELISHA GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PANTING)
TOM: Dad?
Tom.
Shit.
I'm okay.
SARAH:
Just keep the pressure on it, okay?
Get in once again.
Looks like it went straight through.
Tom?
(TOM GROANING)
-Is he gonna be okay?
-I don't know.
(TOM GROANING)
-Okay, sorry, love.
-Tom...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
Look. I found a map.
The university admin building
is off campus.
It's not far.
Maybe they have records that can tell us
what happened to the professor guy?
It's worth a look.
Sophia?
Do you want to eat something?
Yeah.
The ripples in space
we detected at the observatory.
I think they were
caused by a quantum event.
It must have been huge.
What's the guy saying in the videos?
He's just found Bob.
Who's Bob?
It's a nickname
I gave the alien creature.
It was injured.
He brought it back here to work on it.
Has he said what happened
to his girlfriend?
Not yet.
You can see he tries to not think
about her. It's too sad for him.
You should watch the videos?
Why would I do that? I have
more important things to do right now.
I don't know. Maybe so you can
take an interest in others for once?
Just an idea.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Isla...
(GROANING)
How is he?
How's Tom?
Mum says he's gonna be fine.
Dad?
What is it?
(VOICE FALTERS)
They were gonna kill Tom.
And I was gonna watch him die,
and there was nothing
I could do to protect him.
You stopped them.
What about next time?
And the time after that? I'm your dad.
I'm... I'm supposed to keep you safe.
I can't protect you.
You were getting insulin.
Tom got shot because of me.
Em...
And I don't want you to do it anymore.
You know, when you were young...
if anyone said anything, if they did
anything, if they picked on him,
you were always there,
straight in there.
You didn't take any prisoners...
I wasn't gonna get killed.
But you would.
You'd risk your life for him.
Yeah.
So don't ask us not to do
the same for you.
I was so worried.
We thought you were dead.
Some soldiers took me.
They were keeping me prisoner.
He was with them.
Bill Ward. He was there.
One of the soldiers was beating me.
Bill Ward helped me escape.
He saved my life.
You spent time with him?
He's different
to how I thought he would be.
What do you mean?
ISLA: He lost his wife and son.
He's in pain.
He feels pain just like we do.
ADINA: You should have killed him.
ISLA: I tried.
But he escaped.
There was nothing I could do.
The virus is in Emily.
It's in her blood.
She was with him?
No.
I think he was going somewhere
to meet her.
Where?
His old laboratory.
He's going to release the virus.
(PAGE FLIPS)
(SIGHS)
(EXHALES)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
Here it is, look!
Professor Bill Ward, London.
(SOBBING)
(SIGHS)
DYLAN: I guess this is the last time
I record one of these.
Erm, they say your whole life flashes
before you just before you die.
What if it's just one life
of infinite possible other lives?
Every time we make a choice,
we start a new path.
What if you also continue
on the other path?
I think the creature calculates
all the possible outcomes in an instant
and it holds them
in the timeless quantum world
until they collapse into one certainty.
I'm working on a theory
that each of the creature's predictions
repeat themselves infinitely.
On the quantum level, spacetime
is full of closed time-like curves.
There are a million possible moments...
until you pick one.
(GRUNTING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(WHIRRING)
(GASPS)
I'm sorry.
I don't want to hurt you.
What are you doing?
I need you to come with me.
We're going to meet Bill.
We just need to extract the virus
from your blood.
After that, you're free to go.
No one needs to get hurt.
Let's go.
Move.
If you call out, I'll shoot anyone
who comes to help you.
It could be your mum, or your dad...
(GASPING)
ZOE: We don't want to hurt her.
We only need to get the virus
from her blood.
Don't make me shoot you,
you little prick...
Fuck you.
Listen, Emily,
everyone you know is going to die.
Everyone. You can stop it.
It's bullshit!
What if it's true?
Does she know that you killed Ash?
-What do you mean...
-Shut up!
ZOE: He was trying to kill Bill.
Then Ash walked in on them.
So he stabbed him.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You killed Ash?
I didn't mean to. It was an accident.
I was trying to stop Bill experimenting
on you. I did it for you.
Don't say that!
We're not like them.
They don't understand.
Emily...
I'll go with you to meet Bill.
But we need to bring the others.
This is crazy. You can't do this.
I won't let you!
Are you gonna shoot me?
No.
I would never hurt you. I love you.
If you love me, then you'll let me go.
Emily.
What's happened?
It was Sacha.
He killed Ash.
-Where is he?
-I don't know.
Chloe, wait!
Sacha!
Catherine?
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
We found him...
What happened?
-It was Bob.
-Oh, my God...
I'm okay. He missed my artery.
Dylan didn't kill himself.
Bob killed him.
Wait, I'll find some bandages...
I watched the videos.
Dylan helped me solve it...
What do you mean?
If you follow the formulas and notes,
I think it's some sort of map,
or pathway.
To where?
The alien who came to the observatory...
he said their journey to Earth
took no time at all.
It's not about where the pathway leads,
but when.
I don't understand.
They travelled back in time to get here.
They travelled through time.
(CHUCKLES)
You said you found him, the professor?
Yes. He moved to another college
in London.
It's at a different campus.
Em...
Are you sure you want to do this?
Yes.
Releasing the virus is the only way
to keep you all safe.
JONATHAN: You ready?
Do you think they're gonna kill Sacha
because he killed Ash?
I don't know.
Maybe, we can stay,
we can keep looking for him.
No. He'll follow us.
What d'you mean? Why?
Cause he's in love with Emily.
-ZOE: Bill?
-Hmm.
Bill!
(BILL SIGHS)
You made it.
You look terrible.
Hi, Tom.
So are we extracting this thing
from my blood,
or what?
(SPEAKING FRENCH) You were right.
I should listen to people more.
(SIGHS)
They make me feel stupid.
You're the smartest person I know.
I'm smart at science.
I find people hard to understand.
You were always so popular.
It was easy for you.
I was jealous. I hid behind my books.
I still hide now.
I see you peeking out,
more than you used to.
Did you find out what happened
to his girlfriend?
You want to see?
DYLAN: There's something
I should have shared. Er...
I found some messages on Lilly's phone
from before the attack. Erm...
She was messaging some guy and, er,
well, they were sending
each other photos.
But...
I threw her out and...
And I locked the door.
And she,
you know she starts like... (BANGING)
hammering on the door,
begging me to let back in.
But I went and got my headphones
and I put them on so that
I couldn't even hear her.
-(BANGING ON DOOR)
-(LILLY SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(EXHALES)
She was so scared...
By the time I'd realised
what I'd done...
(YELLS) Lilly!
...it was too late.
(COUGHS)
Lilly!
(YELLING) Lilly!
(MECHANICAL CLATTERING AND WHIRRING)
(PANTING)
I... I dreamt about Lilly
last night. and...
She looked so happy.
(SNIFFLES)
Maybe she made it somewhere safe.
She's out there.
She'll come back to me when she can.
She'll come back to me.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
You okay?
Yes. (CLEARS THROAT)
We should go find your professor.